hey guys it's David from the unlocker
comm and today we're doing another
Android 101 post on how to set a picture
as a wallpaper on your Android device
okay so the first question comes up when
setting the background is obviously
where do you get the backgrounds from so
we can go to our trusty Android Market
and we're going to search for the word
backgrounds
and the one that I prefer that a lot of
people use is the backgrounds from style
medium so you click install on that and
wait for that to install okay so you
don't have to use that app that I
download you can use any of the
background apps but once you do once
it's downloaded we're going to click on
it and then select whatever picture we
want this one has categories you can
select and then you're like this to pick
one okay so let's just pick that one for
now and then you choose set wallpaper
home and there you go it's your new
wallpaper now if you wanted to set say a
picture as a wallpaper something that
you've already done
you just type hold down on the screen
anywhere that there is no icons tap
wallpapers tap either the wallpapers
down here would be the gallery that's
already on the phone with the wallpapers
that came with the phone this is live
wallpapers which we'll get into in a
different video and this is your gallery
which means pictures you either taking
or download it so I'm going to click on
that and select gallery
okay now we can choose from all of these
so let's say I want to take use a
picture that I actually took just say
it's a bed you can make it larger around
save that's automatically going to set
it as a wallpaper and there you go so if
you want to change it say I'm going to
change it back to one of the ones that
came on the phone there we go there you
are that's how you set a wallpaper